    1. 5 websites with aspects that you either like or dislike (such as good or poor layout, presentation of or overload of  information, easy or hard to
    navigate, loads quickly or slowly considering the data on the page, fun or frustrating, flashy or boring, cute or dreadful, great or poor
    interactivity, whatever else you might think of!)
    
        1. twitch.tv/
            There are a few things that I like about Twitch as a website. They make it very clear how to access the content you like, as well as showing
            you what their algorithm says that you might like just in case the creators you like to watch aren't live when you're on the website. One
            thing that makes the website hard to use is the way that they chose to sort the menus. It's certainly better than it used to be, but it is
            still crowded with options that make it hard to navigate as an inexperienced user.
        
        2. stackoverflow.com
            My problems with Stack Overflow are not actually really with the design of the website. It's a website that was designed when Forums were
            still very common and all followed generally the same formatting, and many of the users are still people that prefer the standard forum
            layout. My problems are with how information is presented during google searches, as well as by the users of the website. When a user
            types a question into a google search that Stack Overflow can answer, it has the topic of the thread asking the exact same question you
            are asking, however rarely does it occur that the thread you first look at actually answers the question you're asking. Additionally, it
            is very rare that the solution the creator of the thread found to their problem is listed either in an edit to the original post, or moved
            to the top of the comment order based on the amount of positive interactions with that comment.
        
        3. youtube.com
            I think that the layout of YouTube is actually fairly good. It shows you all of the information you might need to navigate to the key areas
            of the website (namely the homepage that you're already on, subscriptions, and view history). There isn't really anything that I could think
            of that I would change, or that would be any better than what they currently have.
        
        4. music.youtube.com
            When you open YouTube Music, it gives you the options to listen to the stations, songs, or playlists that you've recently listened to, and
            below it shows some individual songs that it will form a playlist around if you decide to click on them, and whatever algorithm they have
            for deciding which songs are similar is better than any other platform I've used (including Spotify). Similar to YouTube.com, I don't have
            anything on this site that I would change, or that I think would be better if I changed it to the way I would want it.
        
        5. discord.com
            In my opinion, Discord is the shining example of good design. It's very clear where everything belongs, and the controls are very intuitive.
            Obviously other people may have problems with it, but for me, every option available just makes sense. The controls as a user just
            participating in a server are very straightforward. Going past the base user experience, they make adding bots to a server very simply,
            as well as making it very easy to administrate a server with very little experience.
